Sysco Payroll, Division of Sysco Resources Services, LLC

Compensation Range 

The pay range provided is not indicative of Sysco’s actual pay range but is merely algorithmic and provided for generalized comparison. Factors that may be used to determine rate of pay include specific skills, work location, work experience and other individualized factors

Job Profile Summary

This is a hybrid position requiring an on-site presence 3 to 4 days per week. Please note that the number of days on-site can increase based on business needs. Deliver SRE technical support of critical web-based applications that are utilized by Sysco employees and customers. Constantly evaluate existing monitoring, documentation, knowledgebase articles and process updates to improve the overall operational effectiveness of the organization.

Description

This is a hybrid position requiring an on-site presence 3 to 4 days per week. Please note that the number of days on-site can increase based on business needs.

Essential Functions:

Develop and refine strategy and process for all support issue tracking from intake through resolution in conjunction with senior members of the team.
Contribute to, and occasionally lead, strategic discussions to continue the evolution of flexibility and sustainability of the entire product suite.
Partner with Level 1 support teams, DevOps, Engineering, and customers to inform decisions and implement improvements.
Collaborate with Level 2 Site Reliability Engineering teams offshore as well as Level 1 on and offshore management.
Complete RCA on critical and high impact issues to reduce and ultimately eliminate recurring issues.
Actively maintain a thorough understanding of system architecture, applications, and related integrations. Partner with the
Platform team to understand and improve system monitoring and alerting.
With guidance from the SRE Manager, evaluate technology strategy, solutions, resources, process, and compliance

Minimum Qualifications

Bachelor’s degree in computer science, computer engineering or related field, or relevant training. Or equivalent combination of experience and education.
3 years’ experience in technical operations support role.
3 years’ experience with enterprise cloud platforms.
Availability to work extended or off-cycle hours and participate in a 24/7 Site Reliability on-call rotation.

Preferred Qualifications

5 years’ experience in technical operations support role.
Experience with AWS.
Experience with APM tools such as DataDog, New Relic, Nagios and Splunk.
Experience in an agile development environment.

Overview
Sysco is the global leader in foodservice distribution. With over 71,000 colleagues and a fleet of over 13,000 vehicles, Sysco operates approximately 333 distribution facilities worldwide and serves more than 700,000 customer locations. We offer our colleagues the opportunity to grow personally and professionally, to contribute to the success of a dynamic organization, and to serve others in a manner that exceeds their expectations. We’re looking for talented, hard-working individuals to join our team. Come grow with us and let us show you why Sysco is at the heart of food and service.